Are you the security guard?
Crazy security
Talk to me in such a tone
What are you still standing for?
He who defies us dies
It's Jiu Ye Jiu Ye and so on
He's the son of my nurse
young and frivolous
Jiu Ye doesn't want to know you in general
Not allowed
Give all the parts of our Ye family to Jiu Ye
Ask Jiu Ye to let them go
Are you really willing to sell shares of Tianqiang Group?
Yes, since you are so sincere
Give you face
You make this security guard kneel on the ground and slap himself
Apologize to me.
I will spare his life
My parents never made me kneel
This world is not worth my knees
Are you not worthy of his mother?
Boy, you are courting death
Jiuye Xinuo
I advise you Xiao Luo
You want to see the golden lover
Jiu Ye is the underground emperor of Yunzhou City
As soon as he is angry and greedy, you will take your life
Kowtow dad
Stop begging for him
If he wants to die, let him die
Uncle Lie, don't worry.
When my people come, he will naturally solve it.
What did you call someone?